**Industry Visit: UTMDigital**\
I have gained an comprehensive understanding regarding the structure, services and facilities of UTMDigital during the UTMDigital Open Day. By undergoing an interview with one of the staffs, I have understood the backbone of UTMDigital, the digital solutions that support students and faculty and the applied technologies. The Oracle Academy Talk also provided valuable insights about databases, cloud computing and artificial intelligence. However, the visit could be improved as the areas for the booths were quite small, making people difficult to move comfortably. Hence, the space could be reorganized to enable easier access during the visit. In conclusion, this engaging visit helped me to understand the implementation of digital services in an educational setting while the Oracle Academy Talk made me interested with cloud-based tools. 

---
**Industry Talk 1**\
The industry talk given by PPG helped me to understand the application of paints and coatings in real industries. According to the content given by the talkers, painting can contribute to protectiion, durability and sustainability in our daily life. Hence, this has shown that innovation is important in coating technologies for improving safety and environmental friendliness. The talk could be enhanced by including demostrations of coatings virtually for its technology and application visualization. In short, this industry talk provided me significant insights on careers relevant to material science and R&D. It also given me inspiration of how technology can bring real-world impact in our lives. 

---
**Industry Talk 2**\
From the talk given by Ts. Hj. Abdul Alim Bin Abdul Muttalib, I understood that computer science is not just writing code. I have gained significant knowledge about System Development Life Cycle (SDLC) that covers planning, analysis, design, implementation and maintenance. Although the talk was highly informative, the talk can be further improved by including real-world project examples for better understanding. In overall, I feel motivated to plan my time in the university more strategically, keep improving myself and gaining practical experience.
